Handle the case of missing EKU in _is_preissuer (#674)
sigstore/sigstore-python: CHANGELOG.md

  `sigstore.oidc.detect_credential` API
  ([#641](https://github.com/sigstore/sigstore-python/pull/641))

> * Fixed a case where `sigstore sign` could fail using a private instance
>   (and `sigstore verrify`) due to a missing due to a missing `ExtendedKeyUsage`
>   in the CA
>   We now enforce the fact that the TBSPrecertificate signer must be a valid CA
>   ([#658](https://github.com/sigstore/sigstore-python/pull/658))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a case where `sigstore sign` (and `sigstore verify`) could fail while
  using a private instance due to a missing due to a missing `ExtendedKeyUsage`
  in the CA. We now enforce the fact that the TBSPrecertificate signer must be
  a valid CA ([#658](https://github.com/sigstore/sigstore-python/pull/658))
```
